5.0.0 Upgrade Considerations/ Tidy Software Upgrade Doc (#693)
astronomer/docs: astro/upgrade-runtime.md

3. In the Airflow UI, scroll to the bottom of any page. You should see your new Runtime version in the footer:

    ![Runtime Version banner](/img/docs/image-tag-airflow-ui.png)

## Upgrade Considerations

The following topic contains information about upgrading to specific versions of Runtime, including breaking changes and other upgrade considerations.

> ### Runtime 5.0.0 (Airflow 2.3.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Runtime 5.0 (Airflow 2.3)
```

This isn't specific to Runtime 5.0.0 - will also happen with any other patch versions if you move from a sub-5.0 version.

> When a Deployment has a large amount of data stored in its metadata database, upgrading it to Runtime 5.0.0 can take significantly longer than average. If you need to minimize the upgrade time for a given Deployment, reach out to [Astronomer Support](https://support.astornomer.io) and request for Astronomer to remove unnecessary records from your metadata DB.

Reviewer: I want to make sure to address these errors that all users will see in the Airflow UI:

<img width="1676" alt="image-1" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31111752/168917424-d5a6bcc4-f9ef-48ef-8490-7a8ab55cd555.png">

Slack thread: https://astronomer.slack.com/archives/C028YCH4682/p1651607498800439
ZD ticket from today for example: https://astronomer.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/9671

3. In the Airflow UI, scroll to the bottom of any page. You should see your new Runtime version in the footer:

    ![Runtime Version banner](/img/docs/image-tag-airflow-ui.png)

## Upgrade Considerations

This topic contains information about upgrading to specific versions of Astro Runtime. This includes notes on breaking changes, database migrations, and other considerations that might depend on your use case.

### Runtime 5.0.x (Airflow 2.3.x)

> Astro Runtime 5.0 includes changes to the schema of the Airflow metadata database. When you first upgrade to Runtime 5, consider that:

Reviewer: Feels like we're using the `.x` inconsistently (and I don't love it in the header) but I don't know what other way to do it - perhaps just discussion for later

> - Upgrading to Runtime 5.0 can take 10 to 30 minutes or more depending on the number of task instances that have been recorded in the deployment's metadata database. During this time, scheduled tasks will continue to execute but new tasks will not be scheduled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgrading to Runtime 5.0 can take 10 to 30 minutes or more depending on the number of previous task instances that have been recorded in the metadata database of the Deployment. While the database is upgrading, scheduled tasks will continue to execute but new tasks will not be scheduled.
```

- Once you upgrade successfully to Runtime 5.0, you might see errors in the Airflow UI that warn you of incompatible data in certain tables of the database. For example:

>     ```Airflow found incompatible data in the `dangling_rendered_task_instance_fields` table in your metadata database, and moved...`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```Airflow found incompatible data in the `dangling_rendered_task_instance_fields` table in your metadata database, and moved...
```
